## Research
The Volvo FE Electric trucks join NFI’s fleet of more than 4,500 heavy-duty tractors that support its dedicated transportation and port drayage services for customers spanning from manufacturing to retail. The pilot trucks will be based out of one of NFI’s warehouse facilities in Southern California that serves as a central distribution center for the region. “As the future of goods movement in the U.S. changes from more of a long-haul operation to regional and hub and spoke models, not only is that NFI's wheelhouse, it’s an ideal scenario to immerse electrification into our regional hauling strategy,” said Jim O’Leary, vice president, Assets/Fleet Services, NFI Industries. “Our executive team is excited to collaborate with the Volvo LIGHTS team to accelerate our transition to a zero-emission fleet, so that we can lower our carbon footprint, reduce our operating costs and provide a better work environment for our drivers.”

Recognized as a four-time award-winning, EPA SmartWay Partner, NFI continues to implement a variety of clean vehicles and equipment to reduce its overall emissions, including electric heavy-duty trucks, near-zero emission natural gas vehicles and battery-electric warehouse equipment. Volvo’s VNR Electric trucks support both NFI and its customers on their journey in meeting ambitious sustainability goals. 

 improved four-battery system isavailable in five configurations. Order it asa tractor with 4x2, 6x2, or 6x4 setup. Or choose a straight truck with 4x2 or 6x4 axle option. Whatever your need, there’sa VNR Electric that fits your local delivery application. 
